Improve the article's readability; streamline the language. (#519)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx/admin-guide/security-controls/securing-tcp-traffic-upstream.md

- how-to
---

> This article explains how to secure TCP traffic between NGINX and an upstream TCP server or group of TCP servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article explains how to secure TCP traffic between NGINX and an upstream TCP server or group of upstream TCP servers.
```

## Prerequisites

- F5 NGINX Plus [R6]({{< ref "nginx/releases.md" >}}) or later, or the latest NGINX Open Source compiled with the `--with-stream` and `with-stream_ssl_module` configuration parameters
- A proxied TCP server or an [upstream group of TCP servers]({{< ref "nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/tcp-udp-load-balancer.md" >}})
- SSL certificates and a private key

## Obtaining SSL Server Certificates

> First, obtain SSL server certificates and a private key. Obtain an SSL server certificate from a trusted certificate authority (CA). Alternatively, generate one using an SSL library such as [OpenSSL](http://www.openssl.org/). Place the server certificates and private key on the upstream server(s). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, obtain SSL server certificates and a private key. Obtain an SSL server certificate from a trusted certificate authority (CA). Alternatively, generate one using an SSL library such as [OpenSSL](http://www.openssl.org/). Place the server certificates and private key on each of the upstream servers. 
```
